NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH "YU-GI-OH 5D'S"...
A SHADOW CARD?
I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
YOU'RE JUST GIVING
THIS TO US?
DON'T YOU
WANT TO WIN DUELS?
DON'T YOU WANT
FORTUNE AND FAME
AND ALL THAT
COMES WITH IT?
THAT CARD IS
YOUR ONE-WAY TICKET
TO THE BIG-TIME,
NICOLAS.
I GUESS I SHOULD THANK YOU.
Lester: TALK ABOUT BEING
IN THE NOSEBLEED SECTION!
[LAUGHING]
I HAD A FEELING YOU WERE
UP TO SOMETHING, PRIMO.
SO WHAT'S THE SINISTER PLOT
THIS TIME?
WATCH AND SEE.
YOU KNOW JAKOB'S
GONNA LOSE IT
WHEN HE FINDS OUT
YOU WENT BEHIND
HIS BACK AGAIN,
RIGHT?
[SCOFFING]
WHEN I'VE MANAGED
TO COMPLETE THE CIRCUIT
AND SUMMON
THE DIVINE TEMPLE,
I WILL BE THE FAVORITE.
SO IT WON'T MATTER
WHAT JAKOB THINKS.
Announcer: AND JACK ATLAS
IS WHEELING IN FOR TEAM 5D's!
Nicolas: WHAT HAVE
YOU GOT, JACK ATLAS?
MORE THAN YOU!
AFTER ALL, I'M NOT
RELYING ON SHADOW CARDS.
I INTEND TO GIVE YOU
A DEMONSTRATION
ON HOW A REAL DUELIST WINS.
GO, POWER GIANT!
ATTACK HIM DIRECTLY!
I ACTIVATE MY TRAP CARD!
IT'S DOOM RAY!
WHEN YOUR MONSTER
ATTACKS ME DIRECTLY,
BOTH OF US TAKE
800 POINTS OF DAMAGE
FOR EVERY SINGLE CARD
I HAVE IN MY HAND!
YOU'RE GONNA END THIS
JUST LIKE THAT?
THAT IS RIGHT, FRIEND.
AND IF YOU THOUGHT
THAT OUR LAST TRICK
WAS NASTY,
WAIT UNTIL YOU SEE
THIS ONE.
[GRUNTING]
[CHUCKLING]
[JACK SHOUTING]
WHAT IS THAT?
HANG ON!
Nicolas:
WHAT IN THE WORLD?
GO AWAY! NOT ME!
HIM, JUST HIM!
I'M ACTIVATING POWER GIANT'S
SPECIAL ABILITY.
WHEN THIS MONSTER GOES
INTO BATTLE, IT CAN NEGATE
ALL COUNTER-EFFECT DAMAGE.
[NICOLAS SCREAMING]
WITH TWO BACK-TO-BACK
VICTORIES, TEAM 5D's
ADVANCES TO THE FINALS!
[CROWD CHEERING]
Sherry, thinking:
SHADOW CARDS?
IS THIS WHAT I HAVE
BEEN LOOKING FOR?
IS THIS THE LINK
TO ILIASTER?
GO, MY DUEL BOTS!
WITH THE POWER OF THE SHADOWS
FUELING YOUR MISSION,
SEND THIS CITY
SPIRALING INTO CHAOS!
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN
ONLY IF I LOSE? ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN
SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME,
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU
COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
THANK YOU
FOR SAVING ME, JACK.
YOU! WHERE DID YOU
GET THAT SHADOW CARD?
WHO GAVE IT TO YOU?
THE IMAGE HAS VANISHED.
[BEEPING]
[VEHICLE APPROACHING]
HMM?
[GASPING]
AH! EEH, AAH!
AH!
HEY! RESPECT THE ELDERLY!
HUH?
[SCREAMING]
[MOANING]
THEY JUST CRASHED
THROUGH THE BARRICADE!
COME ON,
TEAM LIGHTNING.
RIP IT UP!
TEAM WHITE TIGER
ALL THE WAY!
WHAT ARE THOSE OTHER RUNNERS
DOING ON THE TRACK?
AH, DON'T TELL ME
IT'S ANOTHER ONE OF
THOSE DUELING PROTESTS.
DUDE, HOLOGRAMS
HAVE RIGHTS, TOO.
UGH. WHAT ALL THIS? HUH?
ARE YOU BOYS LOST
OR SOMETHING?
WE ARE EXACTLY
WHERE WE WANT TO BE.
[GRUNTING]
Computer: TRANSITIONING
TO BATTLE ROYALE MODE.
BATTLE ROYALE MODE
IS NOW ENGAGED.
WHAT IN PAMORI'S PEAK
IS GOING ON?
I DIDN'T TELL YOU
TO SWITCH MODES!
LET'S DUEL.
IT'S MY TURN NOW.
I SUMMON ALLY OF
JUSTICE NULLIFIER
TO THE FIELD.
THEN I PLACE TWO CARDS
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN.
White Tiger: WAIT. YOU
CAN'T JUST END YOUR--!
IT'S MY TURN NOW.
I SUMMON ALLY OF
JUSTICE GARADHOLG
TO THE FIELD.
AT THIS MOMENT,
I ACTIVATE
A TRAP CARD--
RELEASE AND REVERSE.
WITH THE POWER OF
THIS TRAP CARD,
I CAN RELEASE
GARADHOLG
FROM MY FIELD
BY TAKING
DAMAGE EQUAL TO
ITS ATTACK POINTS.
AND THEN I CAN
RESURRECT GARADHOLG
ON MY OPPONENT'S
FIELD!
BUT HE'S MY
OPPONENT TOO, RIGHT?
NOW BOTH MONSTERS
ATTACK YOU DIRECTLY!
I DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU
BOYS ARE UP TO,
BUT I ACTIVATE
MY NEGATE ATTACK TRAP.
THIS TRAP WILL STOP YOUR
MONSTERS FROM ATTACKING
AND END THE BATTLE PHASE.
NO, IT WON'T.
'CAUSE I'VE GOT THE SOLEMN
JUDGMENT TRAP.
WHAT?
BY HALVING MY LIFE POINTS,
I CAN NEGATE THE ACTIVATION
OF YOUR TRAP CARD.
AH!
GARADHOLG AND NULLIFIER,
ATTACK!
AAH!
[WHITE TIGER MOANING]
[MOANING]
NOW FOR YOU.
AAH! NO!
[LAUGHING SINISTERLY]
SO SORRY TO INTERRUPT YOUR
LITTLE TOURNAMENT, EVERYONE,
BUT I WAS GETTING BORED WITH
THE WAY IT WAS BEING PLAYED.
SO I'VE DECIDED
TO CHANGE THE RULES.
Announcer:
YOUR ATTENTION, PLEASE.
WE'VE JUST RECEIVED
BREAKING NEWS
THAT MULTIPLE ACCIDENTS
HAVE OCCURRED
AT SEVERAL PRELIMINARY
MATCH SITES.
NO DUELISTS WERE
SERIOUSLY INJURED,
AND AS WE LEARN MORE,
SO WILL YOU.
OH, MAN, I SURE DO
HOPE THE OFFICIALS
DON'T HAVE TO CANCEL
THE TOURNAMENT
BECAUSE OF ALL
OF THIS.
WELL, THIS CAN'T BE GOOD.
MAYBE THE TRAFFIC
SIGNALS ARE ON
THE FRITZ AGAIN.
I MEAN, WITH
ALL THE RECENT
BUDGET CUTS--
TRUDGE TO DISPATCH, WHAT'S
THE SITUATION OUT THERE?
Man on radio:
WELL, OFFICER TRUDGE, WE'RE
NOT SURE WHAT'S HAPPENING,
BUT IT SEEMS LIKE
THE TURBO DUEL SYSTEM
ON THE HIGHWAY GRID
SUDDENLY CHANGED
TO BATTLE ROYALE MODE.
WHAT IS THAT?
WAIT. STAND BY.
WE'RE PICKING UP SEVERAL
NEW IDENTIFICATION SIGNALS.
MAKE THAT ABOUT A HUNDRED!
WHERE ARE THEY
COMING FROM?
CAN WE GET A VISUAL?
Trudge: LET ME ZOOM IN.
THAT LOOKS LIKE
THE GHOST.
BUT THAT'S
IMPOSSIBLE!
YUSEI!
SHERRY! ELSWORTH!
SHERRY, HUH?
SHE SURE IS PRETTY.
UGH.
OW! OOH!
Yusei: LOOKS LIKE
WE'RE DEALING WITH
AN ARMY OF GHOSTS.
Sherry: I KNOW.
THEY JUST
SHOWED THEM ON
THE JUMBOTRON.
IF IT'S US THEY WANT,
WHY DON'T THEY
JUST COME AND GET US?
MAYBE IT'S NOT US
THEY WANT.
THEY'RE ATTACKING
THE OTHER DUELISTS.
MAYBE THE GHOSTS ARE
JUST TRYING TO CRASH
THE TOURNAMENT.
WE DO NOT KNOW
WHAT THEY WANT.
WELL, WE KNOW THEY'RE NOT
HERE TO MAKE FRIENDS.
SO WHATEVER THEY'RE
TRYING TO DO, WE'VE
GOT TO STOP THEM.
AND JUST HOW DO YOU
SUGGEST WE DO THAT?
THERE COULD BE
HUNDREDS OF THEM.
Yusei: LOOK, WE ALL KNOW
THEY'RE JUST MACHINES, RIGHT?
SOMEONE MUST BE
CONTROLLING THEM.
Sherry:
THEN LET US SPLIT UP
AND FIND THIS SOMEONE!
Kaz: WHO'S GOING
WITH ME?
OFFICER KAZ!
YOU AND ME, JACK ATLAS.
WHAT DO YOU SAY?
SO LONG AS YOU DON'T
GET IN MY WAY.
Trudge: LET'S ALL SLOW DOWN.
DISPATCH INFORMED US THE
DUELWAYS HAVE BEEN SWITCHED
TO BATTLE ROYALE MODE.
Bruno: LISTEN, GUYS, THAT'S
NOT A ONE-ON-ONE THING.
IT'S A FREE-FOR-ALL.
WE'RE SERIOUSLY OUTNUMBERED.
BATTLE DAMAGE
WILL BE REAL, TOO,
SO LET'S JUST SAVE
THOSE WHO ARE IN TROUBLE
AND THEN FOCUS ON FINDING
WHOEVER'S BEHIND ALL THIS.
EVIL DUELING ROBOTS
ON A RAMPAGE,
OVERWHELMING ODDS,
REAL BATTLE DAMAGE.
HMM. SOUNDS LIKE A GOOD TIME.
ALL RIGHT, YOU GUYS.
IT'S TIME TO RIDE!
SHERRY AND ELSWORTH,
YOU GUYS ARE WITH ME.
LET'S DO THIS.
Bruno: HEY, WAIT FOR ME!
Jakob: THE CIRCUIT
IS GATHERING
MORE AND MORE STRENGTH.
EVERYTHING IS GOING
ACCORDING TO PLAN.
THAT'S GREAT AND ALL,
BUT WHY DOES
THE PLAN HAVE TO BE
SUCH A SNOOZE FEST?
WE'RE NOT DOING
THIS TO ENTERTAIN
OURSELVES, LESTER.
OURS IS
A NOBLE TASK.
OURS IS A BORING TASK.
ALL THIS SITTING AROUND AND
WAITING IS DRIVING ME CRAZY.
THESE TURBO DUELS
GENERATE THE POWER
OF ENER-D.
THE POWER OF
ENER-D ENERGIZES
THE CIRCUIT.
AND WHEN THE CIRCUIT
IS COMPLETE,
THE DIVINE TEMPLE
WILL APPEAR.
SUCH A GLORIOUS
OCCASION IS
MORE IMPORTANT
THAN YOUR PERSONAL
AMUSEMENT.
LOOK AT HOW BIG
THIS CIRCUIT IS.
IT PRACTICALLY
COVERS THE
ENTIRE CITY.
IF A TEMPLE THAT
BIG SUDDENLY FALLS
FROM THE SKY,
EVERYONE DOWN
THERE WILL BE IN
GREAT JEOPARDY.
THAT IS A SMALL PRICE TO PAY.
THIS MUST BE DONE
IN ORDER TO--
WHAT'S GOING ON?
WHAT?!
WHAT IS THIS?
Lester: THOSE ARE
PRIMO'S ROBOTS!
I'M AWARE OF THAT!
WHAT I WANT TO KNOW IS,
WHY ARE THEY DISRUPTING
THE TOURNAMENT?
GUESS PRIMO GOT
SICK OF SITTING
ON THE SIDELINES
AND DECIDED TO STIR
UP SOME TROUBLE.
[LAUGHING] NOW, THIS
IS MORE LIKE IT!
I WARNED HIM ABOUT TAKING
MATTERS INTO HIS OWN HANDS.
HELLO?
I THINK YOU GUYS ARE
IN THE WRONG LANE.
GO, NULLIFIER.
ATTACK HER DIRECTLY!
AAH!
NOT SO FAST!
HUH?
I PLAY SWIFT SCARECROW!
WHO DID THAT?
HEY, AREN'T YOU...
JUST LEAVE THESE
JERKS TO ME!
IT'S MY TURN NOW.
JUNK SYNCHRON, WELCOME
TO THE BATTLE.
NEXT, I SUMMON
SWIFT SCARECROW
FROM MY GRAVEYARD
AND MIRROR LADYBUG FROM
MY HAND.
AND NOW I'LL TUNE SWIFT
SCARECROW AND MIRROR LADYBUG
WITH MY JUNK SYNCHRON
IN ORDER TO SYNCHRO SUMMON
STARDUST DRAGON.
LET'S REV IT UP!
STARDUST DRAGON,
TAKE FLIGHT,
AND ATTACK
WITH COSMIC FLARE.
[GRUNTING]
AND NOW, ALLY OF
CLAUSOLAS, ATTACK HIM!
[SCREECHING]
WHOA!
Jack: I DON'T THINK SO!
Kaz: BY ACTIVATING BATTLE
EATER'S SPECIAL ABILITY,
I CAN TAKE
THAT DAMAGE INSTEAD!
[SCREECHING]
AAH!
DON'T BE
SO RECKLESS, KAZ.
THE BATTLE DAMAGE
IS REAL!
RECKLESS IS
MY MIDDLE NAME, JACK.
THAT'S GREAT,
BUT IF YOU LAND IN
THE HOSPITAL AGAIN,
IT'S GOING TO MAKE
ME LOOK BAD.
HANG BACK FOR NOW.
IT'S MY TURN.
I SUMMON
VICE BERSERKER.
AND THEN, BY USING
ONE OF YOUR TRAP
CARDS AS BAIT,
I CAN SUMMON
TO THE FIELD
TRAP EATER!
NOW VICE BERSERKER
GETS A TUNING
FROM TRAP EATER.
I SYNCHRO SUMMON
RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND!
NEXT, I ACTIVATE
VICE BERSERKER'S
SPECIAL ABILITY--
RETRIBUTION.
AFTER ALL, MY FAVORITE
KIND OF GHOST IS
THE KIND THAT'S BEEN SMASHED
INTO A THOUSAND PIECES!
GO, ABSOLUTE POWERFORCE!
Leo: YEAH!
THE JACK ATTACK!
THAT DOES IT!
I'M NOT LETTING THOSE
GUYS HAVE ALL THE FUN!
Leo: CROW, DON'T. YOU'RE
IN PRETTY BAD SHAPE.
I'M FINE, I FEEL LIKE
A MILLION BUCKS! UGH!
YEAH? WELL, YOU SEEM MORE
LIKE 15 CENTS TO ME.
IF YOU GO OUT THERE, CROW,
YOU'RE JUST GOING
TO GET IN THE WAY.
SOMETIMES BEING A GOOD
TEAMMATE MEANS LAYING LOW.
YOU SAY A LOT OF
SMART THINGS, LUNA.
WELL, ONE OF US
HAS GOT TO, LEO.
SORRY, GUYS.
I'M ON THE BENCH.
AH, SOMEONE IS MEDDLING,
AND I THINK I KNOW WHO.
PRIMO.
HUH?
GO AWAY. I'M A LITTLE
BUSY RIGHT NOW.
HOW DARE YOU INTERFERE
WITH THE PRIME DIRECTIVE!
I AM DOING WHAT
NEEDS TO BE DONE.
BY FORCING ALL THESE
HUMANS INTO DUELING,
WE CAN CREATE THE
CIRCUIT IN NO TIME.
IF YOU FORCE THEM
TO BATTLE OUT OF FEAR,
YOU WON'T DRAW OUT
THEIR TRUE ABILITIES.
THEY'LL BE SCARED
AND DESPERATE AND SLOPPY.
AS A RESULT,
A PERFECT CIRCUIT
WILL NEVER BE FORMED.
Lester: BESIDES,
IT SOUNDS LIKE
YOU'VE GOT A LITTLE
BIT OF A YUSEI
PROBLEM BREWING.
BETTER
TO PULL BACK NOW
THAN TO HAVE HIM
EMBARRASS YOU
A SECOND TIME.
[LAUGHING]
I'VE HEARD ENOUGH.
MY PLAN IS IN MOTION.
THERE'S NO STOPPING IT NOW.
PRIMO!
YUSEI FUDO, YOU'RE
MAKING A MISTAKE.
I'M GOING TO TEACH YOU
WHAT HAPPENS
TO THOSE FOOLISH ENOUGH
TO GET IN MY WAY.
AND NOW, I--
THEY'RE FLEEING.
I GUESS THEY'VE
HAD ENOUGH.
HUH?
LOOKS LIKE THE GHOSTS
ARE GIVING UP.
I DON'T THINK
THEY'RE GIVING UP.
LOOK AT
THEIR TRAJECTORIES.
DON'T YOU SEE IT?
THEY'RE ALL GATHERING
IN ONE LOCATION!
[GRUNTING]
AAH!
[EXPLOSION]
WHERE TO NEXT?
[ALARM BEEPING]
BEHIND US!
THERE'S TONS OF 'EM!
Sherry: AND ACCORDING
TO THE RADAR,
THERE'S MORE
ON THE WAY!
[LAUGHING]
DO YOU HEAR THAT?
IT'S THE SOUND OF
YOUR DEMISE, YUSEI.
THERE ARE TOO MANY
OF THEM!
Elsworth: SHERRY'S
RIGHT. WE HAVE TO
GET OUT OF HERE!
Computer: ENGAGING
BATTLE ROYALE MODE.
TOO LATE. WE'VE BEEN
FORCED INTO DUEL MODE.
WE GOT TO DO THIS.
YOU HAVE INTERFERED
WITH OUR MISSION.
FOR THAT YOU WILL PAY.
I SUMMON ALLY
OF JUSTICE GARADHOLG
IN ATTACK MODE.
THEN I PLACE TWO CARDS
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN.
LET ME HANDLE THIS.
IT'S MY MOVE!
I SUMMON SPIRIT
SUMMIT WARRIOR!
WHEN THIS MONSTER IS
SUCCESSFULLY SUMMONED,
I CAN SUMMON A LEVEL-3 WARRIOR
DIRECTLY FROM MY HAND
AND JOIN IT ON THE FIELD.
I CALL FORTH LIBERATED
REAR WARRIOR!
AND NOW I TUNE
LIBERATED REAR WARRIOR
WITH SPIRIT SUMMIT WARRIOR
IN ORDER TO SYNCHRO SUMMON
DRIVEN DAREDEVIL!
NOW ATTACK!
NOW IT IS MY TURN. I DRAW!
I AM ACTIVATING
THE OVERBOOST SPEED SPELL.
BY LOWERING MY SPEED COUNTER
TO ONE DURING THE END PHASE,
I CAN USE OVERBOOST NOW
TO TEMPORARILY INCREASE
MY SPEED COUNTERS BY 4.
WITH THAT DONE, I CAN
ACTIVATE SPEED FUSION.
THE SPEED SPELL ENABLES
ME TO TAKE
SPECIFIC MONSTERS
FROM MY HAND OR FIELD
AND SEND THEM
TO THE GRAVEYARD
IN ORDER TO SUMMON
A FUSION MONSTER.
AND THEN, BY COMBINING
SACRED KNIGHT'S SPEARHOLDER
AND HORSE
OF THE FLORAL KNIGHTS,
I CAN SUMMON CENTAUR MINA!
NEXT, I'LL CALL OUT
FLEUR SYNCHRON!
AND NOW, CENTAUR MINA
RECEIVES A TUNING
FROM FLEUR SYNCHRON!
I SYNCHRO SUMMON
CHEVALIER DE FLEUR!
NOW CHEVALIER DE FLEUR
ATTACKS YOU DIRECTLY.
GO, FLEUR D'ORAGE!
[GRUNTING]
THIS IS THE PART
WHERE I COME IN!
BY SENDING QUILLBOLT HEDGEHOG
FROM MY HAND TO MY GRAVEYARD,
I CAN SUMMON
QUICKDRAW SYNCHRON.
AND WHEN I'VE GOT
A TUNER OUT ON MY FIELD,
I CAN RESURRECT QUILLBOLT
HEDGEHOG FROM MY GRAVEYARD.
COME ON OUT TO THE FIELD,
LITTLE BUDDY.
AND NOW I SUMMON
REED BUTTERFLY
IN ATTACK MODE.
NEXT UP, I'M TUNING
REED BUTTERFLY
AND QUILLBOLT HEDGEHOG
WITH MY QUICKDRAW SYNCHRON.
I SYNCHRO SUMMON
ROAD FIGHTER.
I CAN KEEP
BUSTING OUT MONSTERS
'CAUSE ROAD FIGHTER'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
ALLOWS ME TO SUMMON
SPEED WARRIOR.
SPEED WARRIOR, ATTACK!
GO, HYPER SONIC SLASH!
[GRUNTING]
ALL RIGHT, ROAD FIGHTER.
YOU'RE UP.
ATTACK
WITH LIGHTNING CLAW.
AAH!
[GRUNTING]
I PLACE ONE CARD FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
PLAYTIME IS OVER!
MY SYNCHRO PROMINENCE TRAP
COULDN'T AGREE MORE.
EVERY DUELIST CONTROLLING
A SYNCHRO MONSTER
CAN NOW DISH OUT
1,000 POINTS OF DAMAGE!
EN GARDE!
TAKE THIS!
[ROBOTS SCREAMING]
I TIRE OF YOUR
INTERFERENCE, YUSEI.
IT IS TIME FOR YOU
TO BE SILENCED.
THIS IS THE LAST TIME YOU TRY
TO RUIN MY PLANS, YUSEI.
NOW I'M GOING TO RUIN YOU.
Ghost: I SUMMON ALLY
OF JUSTICE TRACTOR.
WHEN A LIGHT ATTRIBUTE MONSTER
IS ON MY OPPONENT'S FIELD,
I CAN MOVE TWO ALLY
OF JUSTICE CARDS
FROM MY DECK
TO MY HAND BY RELEASING
ALLY TRACTOR.
YUSEI, YOUR ROAD FIGHTER IS
A LIGHT ATTRIBUTE MONSTER.
THEREFORE, I CAN SUMMON
THESE THREE CREATURES.
OH, MAN. THREE?
AND SINCE YOU HAVE
TWO OR MORE MONSTERS
AND ONE OF THEM IS
A LIGHT ATTRIBUTE MONSTER,
I'M ABLE TO SUMMON
COSMIC GATEWAY FROM MY HAND.
NOW, COSMIC GATEWAY,
ATTACK DRIVEN DAREDEVIL!
[GRUNTING]
SO IS THAT IT? IS THAT
ALL THAT YOU'VE GOT?
NO! NOW MY OTHER
TWO COSMIC GATEWAYS
CAN ATTACK.
AAH! UGH!
MONSIEUR ELSWORTH!
THEY'RE CLOSING IN ON US!
I PLACE ONE CARD FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
IT'S MY MOVE!
I ACTIVATE THE DNA
TRANSPLANT TRAP!
THIS CARD GRANTS ME
THE POWER TO BESTOW
ALL MONSTERS
ON THE FIELD
WITH THE ATTRIBUTE
OF MY CHOICE.
I CHOOSE THE
ATTRIBUTE OF LIGHT!
I NOW SUMMON ALLY SALVO!
Duel runner computer:
WHEN ALLY SALVO IS DESTROYED
IN BATTLE BY A LIGHT ATTRIBUTE
MONSTER,
ALLY SALVO DESTROYS TWO
CARDS ON THE FIELD AS WELL.
LET US SPREAD
THE SHADOWS!
NOW ALLY SALVO'S SPECIAL
ABILITY ACTIVATES.
WHEN THIS CARD IS
DESTROYED IN BATTLE
BY A LIGHT ATTRIBUTE
MONSTER,
IT TAKES TWO CARDS ON
THE FIELD DOWN WITH IT.
ZUT ALORS!
THAT DNA TRANSPLANT TRAP
GAVE CHEVALIER DE FLEUR
THE LIGHT ATTRIBUTE.
SPEED WARRIOR, TOO!
[SHERRY SCREAMING]
Yusei: HANG ON, SHERRY!
IT'S TOO LATE.
I SUMMON ALLY SALVO.
ATTACK!
[GRUNTING]
Ghosts, voices overlapping:
IT'S MY TURN NOW!
I SUMMON ALLY SALVO!
ATTACK!
[SHERRY SCREAMING]
[GRUNTING]
SHERRY, NO!
Yusei, thinking:
ROAD FIGHTER
DOESN'T STAND A CHANCE
AGAINST ALLY SALVO'S
SPECIAL ABILITY.
I CAN'T WIN THIS.
I'VE GOT TO SHAKE
THESE GUYS SOMEHOW.
Primo: RUN ALL YOU WANT, YUSEI,
BUT YOU CAN'T HIDE FROM ME.
[LAUGHING SINISTERLY]